Did you call him first?
-Did you hit on him first?
-No.
On the day of the blind date,
at a record shop,
I ran into him.
At a record shop?
I'm so sorry.
I have other plans,
so I'm afraid I can't go to the concert.
That bastard…
He told me he had other plans.
You told him I wasn't a college student,
didn't you?
No. I never did.
Why would I tell him that?
Right. You did nothing wrong.
A girl like me, who isn't even
a college student, dared to join you guys
and dream about a guy from Berlin
who is way out of her league.
I'll know my place from now on.
Thanks.
Damn it.
HOSU WOMEN'S UNIVERSITY DORM
OPEN HOUSE
NO ONE WILL BE
ALLOWED IN WITHOUT INVITATION
OPEN HOUSE
GUEST LIST
Room 207…
ROOM 207, EUN YEONG-RO
He didn't come in through ticket checking.
That's right.
Maybe…
the spy is hiding in there.
Come on. I doubt that.
DO NOT ENTER
He must've hidden on the fourth floor.
That's right.
Hold on.
That means that guy is…
the spy?
Hold on.
Then the guy hiding
on the fourth floor was the spy.
The guy hiding
She must be so mad.
The way Gizzard sees it,
you look like you're seeing him
behind her back.
She must be thinking
she should teach such a b**** a lesson.
Darn it.
Wait.
Bun-ok checked the invitation tickets.
She saw a guy that she'd never let in.
She'll find it suspicious.
What if she finds it out?
She'll never let it slide.
This is driving me crazy.
I'm sure she'll tell Ms. Pi.
I feel bad for Bun-ok,
but there's no other way.
We must play dumb. We must, okay?
That guy's gone.
And there's no proof that we hid him.
-Jeong-min, where did you put his clothes?
-Yes?
Say good night.
-Good night, ma'am.
Yeong-ro.
Yes?
Why are you so startled?
Did you do something wrong?
No, ma'am.
I didn't.
Pull yourself together.
A single wrong choice can ruin your life.
The open house is over.
Get it together,
or you might mess up your exam.
Understood?
-Yes, ma'am.
That'll be all.
Say good night.
-Good night, ma'am.
It seems Bun-ok didn't tell her.
I'm sure she found out.
And she's not the type to let it slide.